Luo's direct simulation Monte Carlo program
============================================
### Introduction:
This project is developed by myself as a part of my senior design. The program is used to simulate two dimensional flow, especially rarefied gas flow by DSMC method. The code is developed from G.A. Bird's DS2 but I have rewrite most of the code in order to make it compatible to unstructured mesh generated by commercial software like Gridgen. 

Anyone who is interested in the project could contact me by E-mail. My E-mail is han.luo@gmail.com.


### Version:
Ver 1.0
64bit OpenMP

### Usage
The code is originally compiled with Intel Cluster Studio 2013 SP1 and Visual Studio 2012 update4. There exists some bug in the collision part when the grid is exteremely large. The bug is heap overflow and caused by Intel Fortran Compiler OpenMP. A simple way to deal with it is to delete the code for parallel in the COLLISION.F90. 

The code should be compiled in 64 bit. If you know how to compile CGNS and include it in the solution, you could use your own compile 32bit CGNS to replace the files in CGNS directory. 

I'm currently still dealing with my graduate thesis thus I have no time to write a makefile in order that the program could be easily compiled for Linux. But I'll achieve this as soon as possible since the program should obey free software spirit. :-) 

### Thanks
Thanks to G.A. Bird for his program code and Yazhong Jiang for his kind help during the development. 



### Copyright © Han Luo
This project is developed by Han Luo alone. All rights are reserved by Han Luo but you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. See the file COPYING in this directory or http://www.gnu.org/licenses/, for a description of the GNU General Public License terms under which you can copy the files.
Luo is not responsible for any problem caused by the program but I welcome you to tell me the bug.
